README.md, before:

Timeline Gallery in Openshift
======================

This is python web application running in Openshift by Redhat.

It's using flask as web framework, sqlalchemy as ORM to MySQL, jQuery and other javascript libraries.

Demo
======================

http://demo.zfdang.com/


Instruction to deloy in Openshift
======================

This git repository helps you get up and running quickly with a Timeline Gallery installation
on OpenShift.  The backend database is MySQL and the database name is the 
same as your application name (using $_ENV['OPENSHIFT_APP_NAME']).  You can name
your application whatever you want.  However, the name of the database will always
match the application so you might have to update .openshift/action_hooks/build.


Running on OpenShift
----------------------------

Create an account at http://openshift.redhat.com/

Create a python application (you can call your application whatever you want)

    rhc app create -a gallery -t python

Add MySQL support to your application

    rhc cartridge add -a gallery -c mysql-5.1

Add this upstream Wordpress repo

    cd gallery 
    git remote add upstream -m master git://github.com/zfdang/timeline-gallery-in-openshift.git
    git pull -s recursive -X theirs upstream master
    
Then push the repo upstream

    git push

That's it, you can now checkout your application at:

    http://gallery-$yournamespace.rhcloud.com
    
Default Credentials
-------------------
<table>
<tr><td>Default Admin Username</td><td>admin</td></tr>
<tr><td>Default Admin Password</td><td>Password2012</td></tr>
</table>

Commit message:

update instruction, revert README, remove default account hint

README.md, after:

Timeline Gallery in Openshift
======================

This is python web application running in Openshift by Redhat.

It's using flask as web framework, sqlalchemy as ORM to MySQL, jQuery and other javascript libraries.

Demo
======================

http://album-joylin.rhcloud.com/


Deloy Instruction to OpenShift
======================

This git repository helps you get up and running quickly with a Timeline Gallery installation on OpenShift. The backend database is MySQL and the database name is the same as your application name (using $_ENV['OPENSHIFT_APP_NAME']).


Running on OpenShift
----------------------------

Create an account at http://openshift.redhat.com/

Create a python application (you can call your application whatever you want, 'gallery' here as an example)

    rhc app create -a gallery -t python-2.6

Add MySQL support to your application

    rhc cartridge add -a gallery -c mysql-5.1

Add this upstream "Timeline Gallery" repo

    cd gallery 
    git remote add upstream -m master git://github.com/zfdang/timeline-gallery-in-openshift.git
    git pull -s recursive -X theirs upstream master
    
Then push the repo upstream

    git push

The last step is to initialize database settings. The following URL will create tables, and add default admin account. (the URL only works for the first time, so it won't override your settings on the second run)

    http://gallery-$yournamespace.rhcloud.com/admin/init

That's it, you can now checkout your application at:

    http://gallery-$yournamespace.rhcloud.com
    
Default Credentials
-------------------
<table>
<tr><td>Default Admin Username</td><td>admin</td></tr>
<tr><td>Default Admin Password</td><td>Password2012</td></tr>
</table>
